feat: Override workspace base domain (#2826)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/configuring-workspaces-endpoints-base-domain.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: Configuring workspace endpoints base domain
:keywords: administration guide, workspaces, networking, endpoints, domain
:navtitle: Configuring workspace endpoints base domain
:page-aliases:

[id="configuring-workspaces-endpoints-base-domain"]
= Configuring workspace endpoints base domain

> This section describes how to configure the base domain for workspace endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to configure the base domain for workspace endpoints.
```
